moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man set your face against
saying son of man set your face against
saying son of man set your face against Mount Seir
Mount Seir
Mount Seir and prophesy against it and say to it
and prophesy against it and say to it
and prophesy against it and say to it thus says the Lord God behold Oh Mount
thus says the Lord God behold Oh Mount
thus says the Lord God behold Oh Mount Seir I am against you I will stretch out
Seir I am against you I will stretch out
Seir I am against you I will stretch out my hand against you and make you most
my hand against you and make you most
my hand against you and make you most desolate I shall lay your cities waste
desolate I shall lay your cities waste
desolate I shall lay your cities waste and you shall be desolate then you shall
and you shall be desolate then you shall
and you shall be desolate then you shall know that I am the Lord because you have
know that I am the Lord because you have
know that I am the Lord because you have had an ancient hatred and have shed the
had an ancient hatred and have shed the
had an ancient hatred and have shed the blood of the children of Israel by the
blood of the children of Israel by the
blood of the children of Israel by the power of the sword at the time of their
power of the sword at the time of their
power of the sword at the time of their calamity when their iniquity came to an
calamity when their iniquity came to an
calamity when their iniquity came to an end therefore as I live says the Lord
end therefore as I live says the Lord
end therefore as I live says the Lord God I will prepare you for blood and
God I will prepare you for blood and
God I will prepare you for blood and blood shall pursue you since you have
blood shall pursue you since you have
blood shall pursue you since you have not hated blood therefore blood shall
not hated blood therefore blood shall
not hated blood therefore blood shall pursue you thus I will make mouse ear
pursue you thus I will make mouse ear
pursue you thus I will make mouse ear most desolate and cut off from it the
most desolate and cut off from it the
most desolate and cut off from it the one who leaves and the one who returns
one who leaves and the one who returns
one who leaves and the one who returns and I will fill its mountains with the
and I will fill its mountains with the
and I will fill its mountains with the slain on your hills and in your valleys
slain on your hills and in your valleys
slain on your hills and in your valleys and in all your ravines those who are
and in all your ravines those who are
and in all your ravines those who are slain by the sword shall fall
slain by the sword shall fall
slain by the sword shall fall I will make you perpetually desolate and
I will make you perpetually desolate and
I will make you perpetually desolate and your cities shall be uninhabited then
your cities shall be uninhabited then
your cities shall be uninhabited then you shall know that I am the Lord
you shall know that I am the Lord
you shall know that I am the Lord because you have said these two nations
because you have said these two nations
because you have said these two nations and these two countries shall be mine
and these two countries shall be mine
and these two countries shall be mine and we will possess them although the
and we will possess them although the
and we will possess them although the Lord was there therefore as I live says
Lord was there therefore as I live says
Lord was there therefore as I live says the Lord God I will do according to your
the Lord God I will do according to your
the Lord God I will do according to your anger and according to the envy which
anger and according to the envy which
anger and according to the envy which you showed in your hatred again
you showed in your hatred again
you showed in your hatred again and I will make myself known among them
and I will make myself known among them
and I will make myself known among them when I judge you then you shall know
when I judge you then you shall know
when I judge you then you shall know that I am I have heard all your
that I am I have heard all your
that I am I have heard all your blasphemies which you have spoken
blasphemies which you have spoken
blasphemies which you have spoken against the mountains of Israel saying
against the mountains of Israel saying
against the mountains of Israel saying they are desolate they are given to us
they are desolate they are given to us
they are desolate they are given to us to consume thus with your mouth you have
to consume thus with your mouth you have
to consume thus with your mouth you have boasted against me and multiplied your
boasted against me and multiplied your
boasted against me and multiplied your words against me I have planted the
words against me I have planted the
words against me I have planted the whole earth will rejoice when I make you
whole earth will rejoice when I make you
whole earth will rejoice when I make you desolate as you rejoiced because the
desolate as you rejoiced because the
desolate as you rejoiced because the inheritance of the house of Israel was
inheritance of the house of Israel was
inheritance of the house of Israel was desolate so I will do to you you shall
desolate so I will do to you you shall
desolate so I will do to you you shall be desolate Omar seein as well as all of
be desolate Omar seein as well as all of
be desolate Omar seein as well as all of Edom all of it then they shall know that
Edom all of it then they shall know that
Edom all of it then they shall know that I am